# Statistics_Canada
In  this  project,  we  will analyzethe  dataset collected  form  statistic  Canada  and  try  to understand the steps the Canadian government   is   taking   to   counter   global warming and air pollution occurring through Electricity generation and transportation. First,  we  will analyzethe  dataset  of  air pollution  in  Canada.  From  this,  we  will  see how   the   concentration   of   carbon   oxide, nitrogen oxide and sulphur oxide gases in the atmosphere  is  changing  from  year  1990  to 2018.   We   will   see   what   the   factors   are affecting  theconcentration  of  these  gases  in the  atmosphere.  For  this  analysis,  we  will only   focus   on   electricity   generation   and transportation in Canada. After   that   we   will analyzethe   power generation  of  Canada  from  year  2008  to 2019.    We    will    discuss    the    source    of electricity  and  power  generating  capacity  of different  states  of  Canada.  Then  we  explain which states are leading in generating power economically and discuss the implementation of  new  solar  and  wind  power  generation  in various   states,   and   how   government   is promoting    these    sources    of    electricity generation. At  last,  we  will analyzethe  data  about  the sales of vehicles by fuel types from year 2011to  2018.  We  will  see  how  sales  of  battery electric vehicles;hybrid electric vehicles and plug-inhybrid  electric  vehicles  are  changes through time. Then we will predict the future market of these vehicles and how it will affect the environment and the climate change.
